hi I'm Billy and welcome to viral flash
games in this video I'm going to be
showing you just how quickly and easily
you can edit our games rebranding them
with your own links in your own logos so
that you can place them on your website
increase your traffic get your own
customers talking about you and coming
back again and again to play the games
not only that i'm also going to show you
how you can allow your own visitors in
your own customers to place these
branded games on their blogs and on
their websites and what that does is not
only does it give great free content to
your visitors but it gets them promoting
your brand and your website for you and
increases the backlinks which will help
with your search engine rankings so
let's jump straight in and show you just
how quickly and easily we can do this
you will need a copy of the flash
program to edit these games if you
haven't got that don't panic you can get
a free download a 30-day trial from the
adobe website and the link for that free
download is in the PDF manual that
accompanies these games okay so I've
opened up flash and I've opened up one
of the game files it's a very very
simple game based on the old 1980s kids
toys Simon and I'm just going to show
you around the file very very quickly
most of all games are structured the
same way this one has three scenes when
the preloader scene at the moment you
can see here we have an intro screen
okay and we have the game screen and the
thing to notice is on all three screens
we've got this viral flash games logo
okay now if I test the game you'll see
that it's not just a static logo it's
actually a button if I roll the mouse
over you'll see that it changes color
and the mouse pointer changes if a
visitor clicks on this logo it will take
them to the viral flash game site so the
first thing that we want to do is
rebrand this game with your logo and
your link so that when the player is
playing the game they see your logo here
and when they click their it takes them
to your website now this really really
is very simple it's just one race small
piece of code to change and then we'll
change the graphic of the logo so let's
deal with the code first of all just
because some people are scared of the
code and it really isn't that difficult
I'm just going to open the actions tab
on the first frame actually let me close
that down again show
this we're in the preloader scene which
is the first scene in the file and we're
going to click on the top layer of the
timeline and I'm going to click on the
actions tab down the bottom here there
we go and this is the code and all we're
going to change is this one piece of
code here we see it says website equals
and here it's got WWF lash gamescom all
we're going to do is change that to the
name of the site or the URL of the site
that you want the users to be taken to
when they click on your link that is as
simple as it is that's all the code we
need to change from now so let's close
that back down again the next thing we
need to do is change this actual logo
that the graphic itself so we're gonna
look in the library panel on the right
hand side is this one here if I open
that up you'll see that there's two
folders the folders have got quite a lot
in them but we don't were not bothered
about any of that there's one file one
asset which isn't in a folder if i click
on there you'll see in the preview
window that it is actually this file
that we want to change on that double
click on there and you'll see actually
this this particular logo it's just a
couple of bitmap files so all we can all
will do is let's just delete this top
one and changing the logo could be as
simple as you know drawing the new logo
in something like this if I test the
file again okay and we can now see our
newly edited logo in the corner here the
functionality is still the same if we
roll the mouse over the mouse pointer
changes and the logo darkens and if the
user clicks on there they'll be taken to
your site now that's all very well but
you probably already have a logo
designed for your website so let me show
you how to import one of those instead
of using text or graphics designed
within flash let's delete this text here
and I'm going to go to the file menu
import and import to stage and we can
import any standard graphics format such
as a jpeg or gif file this actually
happens to be a PNG and you CNMI
fantastically designed
here let's just delete the one behind
actually and position it something like
that and if we go to control and test
movie there we go this has now got our
new logo and new link on every page of
the game ok that's how easy it is to
edit the games all we do now is we go to
the file menu and click on publish and
that actually creates our final
published game file which you can now
upload to your website and your visitors
can start and join now if you unsure how
to do that it's very very simple you
just follow the instructions in the
Pierre in the PDF manual that
accompanies the games but what i want to
show you now is taking this to the next
stage which is how you can actually
allow your own customers and visitors to
place this game on their websites on
their blogs which really harnesses the
the power of viral flash games and get
your customers promoting your site for
you now let me show you how this works
if we go into the game you see at the
bottom here there's a button that says
get this game on your site for free and
you actually see it in the game as well
get this game on your side for free if I
click on here here we go it brings up
this pop-up it says simply copy and
paste the code below into your own
website or blog you can have this game
on your own site for your visitors to
enjoy and there's a section of code here
so all your customer has to do or your
visit has to do is highlight this code
and click copy and paste that into that
blog now let me show you how that's done
I'm just going to take you to one of my
blog sites ok so I've just created a new
post and we'll call it Simon and I'm
going to paste that code in here and I'm
just going to click on the preview
button for now there we go you can see
that the game has actually been added to
the site and underneath the game there's
a piece of text it says provided by
viral flash games and if I mouse over
that you'll see the status bar in the
bottom corner that if I click on that
will take us to my site com and that's
because my site com is the site that we
set up in the game file here if I go
back to the preloader screen and click
on the actions there we go w WM I
sitecom so to finish this up there's
just two more things that we want to
change
sitename here where I've got viral flash
games that will be the name of the link
that will be the text that the the user
clicks on so i'm just now change that to
my site and then this last piece
possibly needs a little bit of
explanation this is the URL of where you
actually upload your game file so the
game file which is what was created when
we clicked on file file publish a moment
ago is Simon swf and I've put this one
in on my website in a directory called
swf so what all you would do is change
this to perhaps my site com /i don't
know /cam /a Simon don't swf what we do
now is we republish this file publish
I'm not going to do it right away click
on the control test button and you'll
see that this code now there we go
provided by my site com and if we were
to put that into the blog rather than
seeing provided by viral flash games and
taking it to the flash games site you
would see provided by your own name here
or your your website name here and
clicking there would take the user to
your site so there we go that is how
simple and easy it is to edit these
games I hope you've enjoyed watching the
video thanks for watching I hope you
have lots of fun and lots of success
with viral flash games and you can find
more from me at viral flash games com
and flash games classroom calm thank you